You’re viewing a beta release of the Guardian’s responsive website. We’d love to hear your feedback
Opt-out and return to our current site

Hide this message


Advertisement












The Guardian



home › culture › art & design
stagefilmtv & radiomusicbooks
UK world sport football comment economy life environment tech money travel fashion science education

all


























art and design


Paris's Post-it wars




French workers are fighting an art battle on their office windows – using multicoloured sticky notes

• The Post-it wars – in pictures





Spongebob Squarepants in a Paris office window – made out of Post-its.


Jon Henley
Tuesday 30 August 2011 21.00 BST






Hostilities were first engaged on the gleaming facades of Montreuil office park, east of Paris, home to gaming giant Ubisoft and BNP-Paribas bank's IT systems. The conflict has since spread to the business district of La Défense, and to the equally besuited enclave of Issy-les-Moulineaux, which houses France's greatest concentration of telecoms and media companies.
In fact, across the French capital, the summer has been enlivened by a corporate collage contest known as La guerre des Post-it (the Post-it wars). The battle is between presumably underemployed office workers who are devoting large chunks of their days to sticking thousands of pink, yellow, orange and green notes on their windows to recreate pixelated images.
Advertisement


The gauntlet thrown down in Montreuil in May was picked up by GDF/Suez and Société Générale at La Défense, then by other companies such as news channel France 24 and Coca-Cola France in Issy. More recently, Post-it collages have been spotted in the windows of advertising agencies in elegant Paris apartment buildings, and also in Lyons and Lille.
Young executives from competing firms meet at lunchtime to compare their creations and plan ripostes. "Each time we have to come up with something bigger, wackier, more adventurous," Julien Berissi, 28, a project manager at Société Générale, told TF1 news. His rival, Stephane Heude from GDF/Suez, said the battle had been "very good socially", bringing together workers who would not otherwise have met.
For the time being, Ubisoft – where office manager Emilie Cozette is credited with the opening salvo – is the champion: its latest effort extended over three floors and used more than 3,000 Post-it notes to create a a design so complex it had to be worked out on a computer.

Tags:Art, Work & careers, France

Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+

































In depth




Canoe to work? An alternative way to commute in London






Jack Dee, agony uncle, helps out desperate public figures







8 charts that show how climate change is making the world more dangerous


























Loading comments… Trouble loading?

All Comments (70)
View unthreaded This discussion is closed for comments.


View oldestnewest first



Loading comments…





ozzydave 31 Aug 2011 00:13


73 74
Guardian Pick
Marvellous.



Report




Bombadilt 31 Aug 2011 00:24


13 14
Guardian Pick
Saving the white ones for a future war?
I jest, I jest, blame The Simpsons.



Report




Baldie3 31 Aug 2011 00:25


5 6
Guardian Pick
Wheres the Bubble Bobble one in the gallery?



Report




Pseudonyms 31 Aug 2011 00:53


17 18
Guardian Pick
Naturally the vast majority of the references are American, as of course are post-it notes. Ah yes, the euros... They pretend to hate us while they follow us ...pretty much everywhere. You have to laugh.



Report




Hopfrog 31 Aug 2011 01:03


2 3
Guardian Pick
Vive la pants!



Report




tacotaco 31 Aug 2011 01:07


Guardian Pick
This comment was removed by a moderator because it didn't abide by our community standards. Replies may also be deleted. For more detail see our FAQs.




fushandchups 31 Aug 2011 01:26


233 234
Guardian Pick
I think they look wonderful. As for Pseudonym's post, I really think you need to get over yourself. If you're going to get picky over the French using American culture, then you should remember that your entire political system is based off the works of French philosophers and, of course, that half of these examples of "American" culture are actually Japanese, Russian or English.



Report




bubblesbestbuys 31 Aug 2011 01:35


108 109
Guardian Pick
The mona lisa is pretty cool by the way ! Even though she is an american icon too.



Report




kdean 31 Aug 2011 01:59


39 40
Guardian Pick
The picture gallery shows what I believe are Michael Jackson's legs and feet, but the caption refers to someone jumping. The caption should be rewritten. I'd make up a clever line, but it's time for Spongebob.
Oh, and Michael Jackson is American.
But of African origin.
Africa is the cradle of civilization. Post-It Notes were invented there.



Report




MidOff 31 Aug 2011 02:05


38 39
Guardian Pick
Zut alors!
Time for the Académie française to come up with a French word for Post-it, so as not to dilute the purity of French office workers' language.



Report











Close report comment form Please selectPersonal abuseOff topicLegal issueTrollingHate speechOffensive/Threatening languageCopyrightSpamOtherReason (optional)
Email (optional)
Report

Show comments…





Loading comments…






Popular in Art and design Popular in The Guardian
1 How to stage a family portrait, HBO style
Fiona McWilliam: Better known for capturing the likes of Bowie and Radiohead, photographer Pat Pope now gives ordinary families the moody treatment usually reserved for rock stars and TV celebrities
2 The eerie Americana of photographer Ed Freeman - in pictures
3 Alberto Alessi on Viking kettles, lemon squeezers and 'design victims'
4 Acid flashback: traveller photographs that relive 90s rave culture
5 The 20 photographs of the week: the World Cup from the streets of Brazil
6 Les Rencontres d'Arles 2014 review – a fascination with the traditional
7 Lorenzo Vitturi: 'I wanted to capture Ridley Road market's edgy dynamic'
8 Rencontres d'Arles festival: the best photographs of 2014 – in pictures
9 Matisse: can you spot the fake?
10 The top 10 female nudes in art

























Culture
Art & design
Art




Back to top

























About this siteHelpContact usFeedbackTerms & conditionsPrivacy policyCookie policy
© 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

